I'm aboard the essence OA 6:55 coupe and
this is an amazing Spanish build 65
footer that kind of feels like a super
yacht but rides like an express boat and
it feels like a super yacht because it
has really a neat bunch of features for
example take this these little fold-out
decks there's one on either side and it
borrowed a lot of the amenities from the
110th century that came out last year
this boat is loaded with three Sun paths
and a lot of carbon so let's go take a
look this is an express boat because
actually opens up watch this this lowers
all the way down into the engine room
also we have three Sun pads aboard as I
said something everything is very open
and it's very lightweight it goes 30
knots full speed or cruising 23 to 24
let's go take a look at that cool helmet
and what at helm you've got the glass
bridge joystick control and these custom
in-house built carbon fiber racing seats
come check it out at boats calm
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters